MATT: Yep.
MARISHA: There you go! People are joining. Give it
a little bit of time.
MATT: Give it a second. Sorry, my phone died!
MARISHA: (laughs)
MATT: Because Periscope eats your battery.
MARISHA: Periscope destroys your battery.
MATT: But good news is it saved me the time of you
guys awkwardly watching me unravel so much. It's
an involved process releasing a red dragon from
its prison.
MARISHA: Sorry, guys, Matt's phone died, people
who are just joining.
MATT: It's okay. Getting there.
MARISHA: No, that's not Kelly Clarkson, that's
P!nk! Come on, now! Come on.
MATT: Oh my god, there's so much of these little
things everywhere!
MARISHA: That's what she said?
MATT: Hey-o! Cut him out. Crazy. There's too
many!
MARISHA: Free him from his shackles!
MATT: Ugh! They secured the hell out of this guy,
understandably so. I'm glad there's not going to
be video on the internet of me awkwardly
attempting to free Thordak from his box.
MARISHA: Someone said we should make this one a
space dragon and put all the NASA stickers on him.
MATT: That's a cool idea. Missed that one, too. So
many little wrappings! Ugh! Relinquish my dragon,
I want to play with him!
MARISHA: This how every dad feels on Christmas
morning.
MATT: "How do I get this thing working?! Oh, be
patient, Jeremy! You'll get your present!" All
right. There's that. He's free.
MARISHA: Dear god, this has turned into an epic
trilogy. You know this is going to be a thing.
MATT: I got a fire breathe, it looks like. That's
going in the right direction.
MARISHA: Is getting it out of the box half of the
challenge? Does that add to his challenge rating?
MATT: I think so, yeah. Nah, I'm about to lose
this battle against Thordak, at the moment, so
don't feel too bad. Oh, it's underneath? What the
shit?!
MARISHA: Azerith says it took him a good 20
minutes to open his when he first got it! That's
good to know. Thanks for the heads up, Azerith.
MATT: I don't feel quite so bad about it. Damn,
man! Jesus! Thordak does not want to be unleashed.
Thordak's like, "I'm good, guys! I'm fine! I'll
just--"
MARISHA: Maybe if you get the tape off the back?
There's tape up the back.
MATT: Yeah, you know what? Here's how I'm going to
do this.
MARISHA: How do you want to do this, babe? It's
kind of hilarious from this perspective because
it's just cardboard. It looks like you're battling
cardboard.
MATT: I'm losing.
MARISHA: You look like so many people I've seen on
Hollywood Boulevard, man, just battling cardboard.
Go, you got this! Keyleth is level 13.
MATT: And with that, ladies and gentlemen.
MARISHA: What'd you get?
MATT: That is Thordak. The other Thordak. There
are now two Thordaks.
MARISHA: No!
MATT: It's so fucking beautiful. You guys don't
even know what you've done tonight.
MARISHA: (silly voice) "Hey guys! Hi! I'm Thordak!
It's mighty nice to be free from that cardboard prison!"
MATT: (silly voice) "There aren't rules in the
book for my challenge rating!"
MARISHA: What.
MATT: What? No. That's weird. Why would I say
that? That's weird. It's fun to freak them out.
It's really a lot of fun. Travis has the best
reactions.
MARISHA: Yeah, he scares easy, which is funny.
MATT: He's always like, "So what does that mean?"
MARISHA: He might be the biggest scaredy-cat out
of everybody in real life. In real life, I think
he jumps more at scary movies. He's afraid of
heights. He freaks out about dangerous things a
lot. It's my favorite. In-game, he gives zero
fucks. It's my favorite.
MATT: You guys wanted to see a comparison size,
here. There's Thordak and the minis that I got tonight.
MARISHA: Look at that big old bastard.
MATT: (silly voice) "Hey guys! What's going on
this way?" (growling)
MARISHA: How'd that go again?
MATT: (growling) (heavy breathing) I'm an adult.
MARISHA: Was that the mock battle? That was the
mock battle? That was the run-through. I was going
say, he didn't use his breath weapon.
MATT: He does now! (whooshing) Use it like a club.
Ugh!
MARISHA: That satisfying?
MATT: (whooshing)
MARISHA: Call that the Scanlan special.
MATT: Exactly.
MARISHA: Gandalf!
MATT: My breath weapon.
MARISHA: You looked more like Gandalf. You're too
cute to have a breath weapon. You're like mep!
MATT: (strange noises)
MARISHA: (silly voice) "Hey guys, look at my
little breath weapon! It's so cute!"
MATT: With that, folks, me and Marisha and Thordak
The Cinder King would like to wish you all a
wonderful evening's rest. Thank you for kicking
along with us tonight for as long as you have.
We'll see you guys next week.
MARISHA: Do one more. Yeah, look at his six pack.
MATT: (deep voice) "I work out, don't worry. I've
been doing CrossFit for about six months, guys."
MARISHA: All right.
MATT: That's Thordak dancing a little bit.
(gravelly voice) "Good night, everyone."